When I first met your father...
...I was trying to kill him.
It was love at first sight.
He belongs with his own kind.
It's mine!
I had it first.
Why should I let you have it?
Lo'ak you liar! Let me have it!
ONE YEAR LATER
HIGH CAMP, OMATIKAYA STRONGHOLD
BRIDGEHEAD CITY
Put it down. Put it down.
Be calm...
Sorry, I don't speak your language...
...to buttholes.
Where is your father?
AWA'ATLU, A METKAYINA VILLAGE
Swim together with us.
What's wrong with them?
Those guys are bad divers.
Stop.
They're learning.
And that starts with
speaking the language.
You call that speaking the language?
You sound like a three year old!
It gives breath under water.
THREE BROTHERS ROCKS
Call the fish.
What a moron!
I'm sorry.
It's too painful.
Go faster!
Sister, I See you.
I See you, Sister. I am happy.
Your son is beautiful.
Thank you. How is your baby?
My baby is strong.
I met a boy.
TA'UNUI VILLAGE
This man...
We know he is in these islands.
Here? This village?
We are a totally separate clan...
...this man in the reflection...
...is from the forest.
He needs to leave here...
and go to the forest to find this man.
Be calm.
Be calm!
He told you he doesn't know!
I'm sorry!
I didn't know!
Stop this madness!